README.md: change web client url to tldr.inbrowser.app (#9722)
tldr-pages/tldr: README.md

check out the [PDF version](https://tldr.sh/assets/tldr-book.pdf).

For browsing without installing a client to your computer,

> see the web client at <https://tldr.inbrowser.app> (offline capable using PWA).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
see the web client at <https://tldr.inbrowser.app> (with offline support using PWA).
```
